Documentation improvement (#429)
open-AIMS/ADRIA.jl: docs/src/usage/analysis.md

![Plots of Temporal Sensitivities](/ADRIA.jl/dev/assets/imgs/tsa.png?raw=true "Temporal Sensitivity Analysis")

### Time Series Clustering

> The Time Series Clustering algorithm generate clusters of data series (tipically time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Time Series Clustering algorithm generate clusters of data series (typically time
```

> The Time Series Clustering algorithm generate clusters of data series (tipically time
> series) grouping together series with similar behaviour.
> This is achieved by computing the Euclidian distance between each pair of series weighted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Time Series Clustering algorithm clusters together series (typically time series) 
with similar behavior. 
This is achieved by computing the Euclidian distance between each pair of series weighted
```

Or `generates` -> `identifies` ?
